OKAY, HEY.
DOES EVERYBODY HATE THESE SHOES?
Chandler:
OH, YEAH
BUT DON'T WORRY.
NO ONE'S GOING TO FOCUS
ON THAT WHEN YOU'RE WEARING
THAT TOWEL DRESS.
TELL HIM.
IT'S HER FIRST DAY
AT THIS NEW JOB.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO START WITH HER.
ALL RIGHT.
I SUPPOSE I CAN
WAIT A DAY.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING FRIDAY?
WHY?
I NEED YOU TO COME
TO THIS BACHELOR PARTY
FOR MY WEIRD COUSIN ALBERT.
YOU KNOW, HE'S THE BOTANIST.
OH, GOD.
BOTANISTS ARE SUCH GEEKS.
YEAH.
THAT A DINOSAUR TIE?
HMM? OH, YEAH.
( growling and snarling )
( knock at door )
GOOD MORNING.
RACH, I'M HERE
WITH THE PURSES.
MUST TAKE YOU FOREVER
TO FIND YOUR KEYS.
THANK YOU, PHEEBES.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
OH, PLEASE, WANT
THE ONE WITH THE TURTLES.
TURTLES SCARE ME.
I DON'T NEED THAT TODAY.
HONEY, JUST RELAX.
IT'S GOING TO BE FINE.
HEY, WHY DON'T I COME DOWN THERE
AND I'LL TAKE YOU OUT TO LUNCH?
OH, HONEY, THANK YOU,
BUT MARK'S TAKING ME OUT.
MARK?
IS THAT THE SAME MARK
THAT HELPED YOU GET THE JOB?
YEAH. IT'S LIKE A GOOD-LUCK-
ON-YOUR-FIRST-DAY THING.
IS THIS ACTUALLY A LUNCH BOX?
UM, NO. IT'S A PURSE
AND THERE'S
A THERMOS IN IT.
OH!
HEY, SO, CAN YOU
MAKE IT ON FRIDAY?
WHAT?
YEAH, I THINK SO.
WHY AM I INVITED TO THIS AGAIN?
APPARENTLY, ALBERT
HAS NO FRIENDS.
HE'S VERY EXCITED ABOUT
THE BACHELOR PARTY.
I THINK ACTUALLY THE ONLY
REASON HE'S GETTING MARRIED
IS SO HE CAN
SEE A STRIPPER.
A STRIPPER
AT A BACHELOR PARTY.
THAT IS SO CLICHE.
WHY DON'T YOU GUYS
GET A MAGICIAN?
WELL, IF THE MAGICIAN
CAN OPEN MY BEER
WITH HIS BUTT CHEEKS,
THEN ALL RIGHT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
SHE'S HAVING LUNCH
WITH HIM? LUNCH?
YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN
THE HUG HE GAVE HER
WHEN SHE GOT THE JOB
AND-AND-AND
HE'S REALLY GOOD LOOKING.
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
YOU DON'T DO ANYTHING.
KEEP IT INSIDE.
LEARN HOW TO HIDE
YOUR FEELINGS
AND DON'T CRY OUT LOUD.
YES!
GUESS WHO HAS AN AUDITION
FOR A BROADWAY MUSICAL?
I WANT TO SAY YOU
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE
SUCH AN EASY ANSWER.
IT IS ME.
IT'S A MUSICAL VERSION
OF A TALE OF TWO CITIES
SO I THINK I'M GOING TO SING
"NEW YORK, NEW YORK"
AND, UH... OH!
"I LEFT MY HEART
IN SAN FRANCISCO."
UH, JOEY
I DON'T THINK YOU GET
TO PICK THE CITIES.
WHAT?
MR. DICKENS GETS
TO PICK THEM.
WHO?
I'LL GET YOU
THE CLIFF NOTES.
THE WHAT?
THE ABRIDGEMENT.
OH, OKAY.
THE WHAT?
THEN THE STYLE NUMBER.
( typing )
THE INVOICE NUMBER.
AND THE SHIPPING DATE.
( typing )
GOOD. ANY QUESTIONS
SO FAR?
YEAH. WHAT KIND
OF DISCOUNT DO WE GET?
TWENTY PERCENT.
OH! I LOVE THIS JOB.
( phone ringing )
WHOO! MY FIRST CALL.
HERE, LET ME.
OKAY.
RACHEL GREEN'S LINE.
HOW MAY I HELP YOU?
HI. IS RACHEL THERE?
AND WHO MAY I SAY
IS CALLING?
This is Ross.
ROSS OF...?
OF ROSS AND RACHEL.
OH, HI.
IT'S MARK.
OH, HEY, MARK.
Hey. Hey, hold on a second.
OKAY.
It's Ross.
HI, HONEY.
Hi.
WHAT, UH, WHAT'S MARK DOING
ANSWERING YOUR PHONE?
Oh, he's just goofing around.
OH, THAT'S-THAT'S FUNNY.
WHY ISN'T HE GOOFING AROUND
IN HIS OWN OFFICE?
HONEY, THIS IS HIS OFFICE, TOO.
I TOLD YOU--
WE'RE JOANNA'S TWO ASSISTANTS.
WHY DOES JOANNA NEED
TWO ASSISTANTS?
HOW LAZY IS SHE?
OH. OH, MY GOD!
WHAT DID I JUST DO?
I THINK I JUST SHIPPED
3,000 BRAS TO PERSONNEL.
HONEY, I GOT TO GO.
MARK, I NEED YOU!
OKAY, BYE-BYE.
Ow! Ross.
OH, I'M-I'M-I'M SORRY, SWEETIE.
I WAS JUST TRYING TO, UH...
I WAS DIALING ANOTHER NUMBER.
ALL RIGHT
I JUST GOT CHANGED
IN 30 SECONDS
SO YOU COULD BE
ALONE WITH HIM.
YOU BETTER GO FOR IT.
PLEASE. I'M NOT
GOING FOR ANYTHING.
WELL, IF YOU DON'T, I WILL.
WOULD YOU PLEASE GO?
NIGHT, MON.
( clears throat )
NIGHT, JULIO.
ADIOS.
LOOK, JULIO.
SOMEONE LEFT
THEIR BOOK HERE.
ACTUALLY, THAT IS MINE.
OH, YEAH?
YES.
WELL, WHAT
ARE YOU READING?
FLOWERS OF EVIL
BY BAUDELAIRE.
HAVE YOU READ IT?
( chuckles )
HAVE I READ IT.
NO.
ARE YOU ENJOYING IT?
I THOUGHT THAT I WOULD
BUT THE TRANSLATION'S NO GOOD.
YOU'RE A POET
AND YOU DON'T KNOW IT.
ACTUALLY, I, UH...
I AM A POET.
OH.
SO YOU DO KNOW IT.
( clears throat )
SO, UH...
WHAT KIND OF THINGS
DO YOU WRITE ABOUT?
THINGS THAT MOVE ME.
THE SHADOW OF A TREE.
A CHILD LAUGHING...
OR THIS LIP.
MINE?
RIGHT HERE?
( whispers ):
YES.
I COULD WRITE
AN EPIC POEM ABOUT...
THIS LIP.
HOW WOULD THAT GO?
WELL, IT DIDN'T RHYME
BUT I LIKED IT.
♪ YOU GOT TO PICK
A POCKET OR TWO ♪
♪ BOYS ♪
♪ YOU'VE GOT TO PICK
A POCKET OR TWO. ♪
LOVELY.
JUST LOVELY.
REALLY? THANKS.
JOEY, WE DEFINITELY
WANT TO SEE YOU
FOR THE CALLBACK ON SATURDAY.
EXCELLENT.
I'LL BE THERE.
OKAY
AND LISTEN, DON'T FORGET
TO BRING YOUR JAZZ SHOES
FOR THE DANCE AUDITION.
MY, UH, MY AGENT SAID THAT
IT WASN'T A DANCING PART.
OH, JOEY, ALL THE ROLES
GOT TO DANCE A LITTLE
BUT BELIEVE ME,
WITH YOUR DANCE BACKGROUND
IT'LL BE A PIECE OF CAKE.
"THREE YEARS OF MODERN DANCE
WITH TWYLA THARP"?
FIVE YEARS WITH
THE AMERICAN BALLET THEATER?
HEY, EVERYBODY LIES
ON THEIR RESUME, OKAY?
I WASN'T ONE
OF THE ZOOM KIDS EITHER.
GOD!
WELL, CAN YOU,
LIKE, DANCE AT ALL?
YEAH, I CAN DANCE.
YOU KNOW...
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO!
WHAT-WHAT IS THAT?
SURE, IT LOOKS STUPID NOW.
THERE'S NO MUSIC PLAYING.
( phone ringing )
ALL RIGHT, I HAVE
TO GET THAT
BUT NO, NO.
HELLO?
HI.
( laughs )
YEAH, UM, LISTEN,
I'M IN NEED OF A STRIPPER
AND I WAS TOLD
THAT YOU DO THAT.
( laughing )
LET ME ASK YOU THIS.
THAT DO YOU DO
FOR THE EXTRA HUNDRED?
SO WOULD I... WOULD I HAVE
TO PROVIDE THE GRAPES?
HI.
OOH! HOW WAS LAST NIGHT
WITH JULIO, SENORITA?
HE IS SO AMAZING.
HE'S SO SEXY AND SMART
WHICH MAKES HIM EVEN SEXIER.
LOOK, I GOT TO TELL YOU THIS.
LAST NIGHT, WE WERE
FOOLING AROUND
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN
HE STOPS TO WRITE A POEM.
GET OUT.
I COULDN'T STOP
IF A METEOR HIT ME.
OKAY, WE HAVE OUR STRIPPER--
A MISS CRYSTAL CHANDELIER.
WELL, SURE,
YOU NAME A KID THAT
WHAT DO YOU EXPECT THEM
TO GROW UP TO BE?
ANYWAY, WHEN HE LEFT
HE FORGOT TO TAKE
THE POEM WITH HIM.
NOW, I AM TOTALLY DENSE
ABOUT POETRY, BUT...
I THINK THIS IS
PRETTY GOOD, ALL RIGHT?
CHECK IT OUT.
"THE EMPTY VASE.
TRANSLUCENT BEAUTY..."
TO YOURSELF.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S PRETTY GOOD.
OH, GOOD.
I THINK SO, TOO. PHEEB?
OH, YEAH.
I'M GLAD YOU GUYS
LIKE IT. YAY.
I GOT TO GET TO WORK.
OH. I'M NOT DONE.
WELL, JUST GIVE IT BACK
WHEN YOU'RE THROUGH.
SEE YOU GUYS.
BYE-BYE.
BYE.
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD!
POOR MONICA!
WHAT? WHAT? WHAT?
WHAT? HE WAS WITH HER
WHEN HE WROTE THIS POEM.
LOOK. "MY VESSEL SO LOVELY
WITH NOTHING INSIDE.
NOW THAT I'VE TOUCHED YOU,
YOU SEEM EMPTIER STILL."
HE THINKS MONICA'S EMPTY.
SHE'S THE EMPTY VASE.
YOU REALLY THINK
THAT'S WHAT HE MEANT?
TOTALLY. OH, GOD.
OH, SHE SEEMED
SO HAPPY, TOO
DONE.
DO YOU HAVE
THE RALPH LAUREN FILE?
OH, YEAH. SURE.
IT'S, UH, RIGHT...
( music box playing
"Theme from Love Story" )
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S, UH, FROM ROSS.
IT'S A LOVE BUG.
WOW.
SOMEBODY WANTS PEOPLE
TO KNOW YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
OH, NO.
NO, NO, NO. THAT'S
NOT WHAT HE'S DOING.
HE'S JUST REALLY ROMANTIC.
Man:
EXCUSE ME
ARE YOU RACHEL GREEN?
YES, I AM.
( blows harmonica )
ONE, TWO, THREE.
♪ CONGRATULATIONS
ON YOUR FIRST WEEK ♪
♪ AT YOUR BRAND, NEW JOB ♪
♪ IT WON'T BE LONG
BEFORE YOU'RE THE BOSS ♪
♪ OOMBA, OOMBA, OOMBA ♪
♪ AND YOU KNOW WHO WILL BE THERE
TO SUPPORT YOU ♪
♪ YOUR ONE AND ONLY BOYFRIEND ♪
♪ IT'S NICE
TO HAVE A BOYFRIEND ♪
♪ MM-MMM ♪
♪ YOUR LOYAL
LOVING BOYFRIEND ROSS ♪
♪ ROSS! ♪
I'M HURT.
I'M ACTUALLY HURT
THAT YOU WOULD THINK
I WOULD SEND YOU
ANY OF THOSE THINGS
OUT OF ANYTHING
OTHER THAN LOVE.
HURT. HURT.
ALL RIGHT, ROSS.
I GET IT. YOU'RE HURT.
CAN'T A GUY SEND
A BARBERSHOP QUARTET
TO HIS GIRLFRIEND'S OFFICE
ANYMORE?
OH...
OH, PLEASE, ROSS,
IT WAS SO OBVIOUS.
IT WAS LIKE YOU WERE
MARKING YOUR TERRITORY.
I MEAN,
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
HAVE JUST COME IN
AND PEED
ALL AROUND MY DESK.
I WOULD NEVER DO THAT.
LOOK, I KNOW WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE, OKAY?
MARK EXPLAINED
IT ALL TO ME.
HE SAID THIS IS
WHAT YOU GUYS DO.
YEAH, WELL,
IF, IF, IF MARK SAID THAT
THEN MARK'S AN IDIOT.
MARK'S A GENIUS.
WHY? HOW IS HE A GENIUS?
LOOK, DON'T YOU SEE
WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE?
INSTEAD OF HITTING ON HER
RIGHT AWAY
HE'S BECOMING
HER CONFIDANTE.
NOW, HE'S GOING
TO BE THE GUY
SHE GOES TO
TO COMPLAIN ABOUT YOU.
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
WHY DON'T YOU SEND HER
A MUSICAL BUG?
OH, NO. YOU ALREADY DID THAT.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO
GO THERE YOURSELF, NOW.
MAKE A FEW SURPRISE VISITS.
I DON'T KNOW, YOU GUYS.
FINE. JUST SIT HERE
AND TALK TO US.
MEANWHILE, SHE IS TALKING
TO HIM ABOUT YOU
AND HE'S BEING MR. JOE SENSITIVE
AND SHE STARTS THINKING,
"MAYBE THIS GUY IS FOR ME
BECAUSE HE UNDERSTANDS ME."
AND BEFORE YOU KNOW IT,
SHE'S WITH HIM
AND YOU'LL BE ALL, "OH, MAN,"
AND HE'LL BE ALL, "YES."
HUH?
AND US, WE'LL BE LIKE,
"OH, DUDE."
OKAY?
AND PRETTY SOON,
YOU'LL BE LIKE, "HI."
AND, AND, AND,
"WELL, I CAN'T GO.
RACHEL AND MARK MIGHT BE THERE."
AND WE'LL BE LIKE,
"MAN, GET OVER IT.
IT'S BEEN FOUR YEARS."
HE PAINTS QUITE A PICTURE,
DOESN'T HE?
HERE'S THE SHELLY SEGAL STUFF
FOR DECEMBER.
OH, WAIT, I'VE GOT
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
OH. MARK.
IT'S OKAY.
RACHEL KNOWS.
YEAH, BUT EVEN SO.
I CAN'T HELP IT.
YOU KNOW,
I'M JUST...
I'M JUST CRAZY
ABOUT YOU.
OH, THAT IS SO SWEET.
Mark:
OKAY, OKAY
I KNOW I'M LIKE
MR. INAPPROPRIATE TODAY
BUT IT'S JUST
SO TOUGH.
I MEAN, I SEE YOU
WALKING AROUND
AND I JUST WANT
TO TOUCH YOU
AND HOLD YOU.
COME ON,
NO ONE'S AROUND.
JUST KISS ME.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
GET OFF OF HER!
WHAT IS GOING ON?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT'S GOING ON.
ROSS!
I HAVE BEEN DOWN
IN YOUR STORE
FOR TWENTY MINUTES
TRYING TO GET A TIE.
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
TO GET SOME SERVICE?
HI, RACH, UH...
UH, JOEY?
JOEY TRIBBIANI?
LISTEN, JOEY, I
GOT A PROBLEM.
I JUST GOT A CALL
FROM MY DANCE CAPTAIN.
HE'S HAVING A
RELATIONSHIP CRISIS
AND CAN'T GET OUT
OF LONG ISLAND.
SO DOES THAT MEAN
THE AUDITION'S OFF?
LISTEN, JOEY
SEEING AS YOU'VE GOT
THE MOST EXPERIENCE
I WANT YOU TO TAKE
THESE DANCERS
AND TEACH THEM
THE COMBINATION.
WHAT?
AW, JOEY, COME ON.
IT'S EASY.
YOU KNOW, IT'S HAND
HAND, HEAD, HEAD, UP
PAS DE BOURREE,
PAS DE BOURREE
BIG TURN HERE,
RONDE DES CHAMPS
CESSANT, CESSANT
SLIDE BACK, TOUCH,
STEP-STEP AND...
JAZZ HANDS.
IT'S A STEPITY-STEP
AND JAZZ HANDS.
HAVE FUN.
BYE.
HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU WRAPPING?
OH, LOOK WHAT I GOT JULIO.
YEAH. IT'S A VASE.
YEAH.
JUST LIKE THE
ONE IN THE POEM.
WELL, NOT EXACTLY
LIKE THE ONE IN THE POEM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
REMEMBER HOW YOU SAID
THAT YOU
WERE REALLY DENSE
ABOUT POETRY?
OH.
SO I'M JUST
AN EMPTY VASE, HUH?
WHAT?
SO I DON'T READ
AS MANY BOOKS AS YOU DO
AND I DON'T WRITE "TRICK POEMS"
THAT SEEM TO BE ABOUT ONE THING
BUT ARE ACTUALLY
ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE.
I GET EXCITED
ABOUT STUPID STUFF--
LIKE WHEN MY PEOPLE MAGAZINE
COMES ON SATURDAY
AND THE NEW
"HOLD EVERYTHING" CATALOG--
BUT THAT DOES NOT MEAN
I'M EMPTY.
I CARE ABOUT MY FRIENDS
AND FAMILY.
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT
TO MAKE THAT KIND
OF JUDGMENT...
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
THE POEM IS NOT ABOUT YOU.
WHAT?
"THE EMPTY VASE"
IS NOT ABOUT YOU.
MY BABY, PRECIOSA.
YOU MAKE ME SO SAD
THAT YOU WOULD
THINK THIS.
I'M SORRY, IT'S...
MY FRIEND PHOEBE SAID...
NO. IT'S...
IT'S ABOUT ALL WOMEN.
WELL, ALL AMERICAN WOMEN.
YOU FEEL BETTER NOW?
AW... YEAH.
ALL RIGHT,
LET'S DO IT.
( march playing )
NO, NO, NO...
WHAT WAS THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S THE BEST I COULD
GET OUT OF THEM.
WELL, PEOPLE.
PEOPLE, PEOPLE, PEOPLE.
LET'S TRY IT AGAIN
AND THIS TIME,
LET'S EVERYBODY
WATCH JOEY.
SHOW THEM HOW IT'S DONE.
COUNT IT OFF, LARRY.
( piano playing march intro )
DID YOU HAVE FUN
AT THE BACHELOR PARTY
LAST NIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
LOOK WHAT I GOT.
SEE? SHE'S FULLY
DRESSED, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
AND THEN YOU CLICK IT
AND, UH-OH, SHE'S NAKED
AGAIN AND SHE'S DRESSED.
SHE'S A BUSINESS WOMAN.
SHE'S WALKING
DOWN THE STREET.
SHE'S WINDOW SHOPPING
AND, OH, OH, OH--
SHE'S NAKED.
HI.
HELLO.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GOING TO SPEND
SOME ALONE TIME
WITH THE PEN.
I'M SORRY.
I WAS AN IDIOT.
BIG IDIOT.
A BIG IDIOT.
WHAT YOU HAVE
TO REALIZE IS
THIS WHOLE MARK THING
IS REALLY HARD FOR ME.
WHY IS IT HARD?
WE'VE BEEN TOGETHER
FOR ALMOST A YEAR NOW.
WELL, I WAS WITH CAROL
FOR LIKE EIGHT YEARS
AND I LOST HER
AND NOW,
IF IT'S POSSIBLE
I THINK I LOVE YOU
EVEN MORE.
SO IT'S HARD
FOR ME TO BELIEVE
THAT I'M NOT GOING TO...
WELL, THAT SOMEONE ELSE
ISN'T GOING
TO TAKE YOU AWAY.
LET IT BE ME.
HONEY...
THAT'S VERY SWEET.
IT JUST SEEMS TO ME,
THOUGH
THAT IF TWO PEOPLE
LOVE EACH OTHER
AND TRUST EACH OTHER,
LIKE WE DO
THERE'S NO REASON
TO BE JEALOUS.
I GOT TO GET GOING.
BYE, CHANDLER.
OKAY, ROSS. LISTEN, THIS PEN'S
GETTING KIND OF BORING
SO CAN YOU PICK ME UP
SOME PORN?
WHERE YOU GOING?
TO PICK UP BEN.
WE'VE GOT A PLAY-DATE
THIS AFTERNOON.
OH. WITH WHO?
JUST THIS WOMAN I MET
LAST NIGHT AT THE PARTY.
THERE WAS A WOMAN AT...?
THE STRIPPER?
YEAH.
YOU HAVE A PLAY-DATE
WITH A STRIPPER?
MAN, I GOT TO GET A KID.
( laughing )
UH, YEAH.
YEAH. WE STARTED TALKING
AFTER SHE, YOU KNOW,
DID HER THING
AND IT TURNS OUT SHE'S GOT
A BOY ABOUT BEN'S AGE
SO WE'RE GOING TO TAKE THE KIDS
TO GYMBOREE CLASS.
IS THAT OKAY?
SURE. IS SHE MARRIED?
UH, NO.
HUH.
ARE YOU JEALOUS?
NO.
YOU KNOW, I JUST DON'T SEE
WHY SHE HAS
TO PLAY WITH YOU,
THAT'S ALL.
I MEAN DOESN'T SHE,
YOU KNOW
HAVE ANY OTHER STRIPPER-MOM
FRIENDS OF HER OWN?
YOU ARE TOTALLY JEALOUS.
I'M NOT JEALOUS, ALL RIGHT?
THIS IS ABOUT...
UH, PEOPLE FEELING
CERTAIN THINGS...
YOU KNOW, ABOUT...
STRIPPERS
AND, YOU KNOW, AND, UH...
HONEY, I LOVE YOU, TOO.
BYE.
WAIT.
WHAT?
WELL, THERE'S A KISS
HE WON'T FORGET FOR A FEW HOURS.
YOU KNOW?
YEAH.
EITHER THAT, OR YOU
JUST TURNED HIM ON
AND SENT HIM OFF
TO A STRIPPER.
IS THERE
A JULIO HERE?
I AM JULIO.
♪ BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM ♪
♪ MR. PRETENTIOUS ♪
♪ YOU THINK
THERE'S NO ONE FINER ♪
♪ WELL, YOUR POEMS
ARE UNPUBLISHED ♪
♪ AND YOU WORK IN A DINER ♪
♪ YOU'RE NO GOD'S GIFT
TO WOMEN ♪
♪ THAT'S ALL IN YOUR HEAD ♪
♪ YOU ARE JUST A BUTT-MUNCH ♪
NO ONE LIKES A BUTT-MUNCH.
♪ AND YOU'RE ALSO BAD
IN BED. ♪
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]